storage-resize-images version 0.1.10 release notes (#362)
firebase/extensions: storage-resize-images/CHANGELOG.md

## Version 0.1.10

> fixed - generate fresh token for resized image (Issue #323). (#351)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fixed - A fresh token is now generated for each resized image. (Issue #323, PR #351)
```
